---
title: "About"
permalink: /about/
---

Thanks for stopping by at my personal website! Here is a little bit about me. Currently I am in my 3B Term for Mechatronics Engineering at the University of Waterloo. As an ambitious individual I am always looking to expand my network, learn new things and follow my passion for new technologies whether it is software, mechanically or electrically oriented. 

As part of my first co-op term I worked as a District Engineer Intern at Union Gas where my duties consisted of maintaining and updating a GIS pipeline database and analyzing PLC controlled pressure reducing stations. My second co-op term took place at BlackBerry QNX where I was a Self-Driving Car Sensor Technology Software Development Student. In this position I worked on traffic sign recognition and other embedded software applications. For my third co-op term I worked as an Embedded Software Developer at eleven-x primarily assisting with a new LoraWAN-enabled board geared towards the IoT industry. My main projects included interfacing several sensors with a Nordic development board as well as designing an EEPROM emulator using Flash from the bottom up. During my most recent co-op term, I interned on the Think Tank Team at Samsung where I was able to prototype ideas as a Research Engineer among a unique group of interdisciplinary engineers and researchers. I worked on the SARAM robot arm and on a secondary project involving the fusion of Thermal, RGB, Audio and Ultrasonic sensors. 

I dedicate a significant amount of my time to the University of Waterloo Robotics Student Design team working on the University Rover Challenge robot. The objective of this competition is to build and design the next generation of Mars Rover Robots. I am a software/firmware team member operating in a ROS environment primarily using C++ and Python. I've worked on projects such as controlling the rover using an Xbox controller, stitching together a series of images into a panorama, PID library enhancement and creating a communication base station to track the rover and transmit information to it using an antenna. Additionally, I work with the mechanical team, designing parts such as antenna supports as well as assisting in the machining process of the parts. 

Some of my personal interests outside of the technology realm include the NBA, European soccer leagues, chess, ping-pong, astronomy, cryptocurrencies, trivia, working out, reading (particularly historical fiction), watching T.V. shows and playing board games. I played rep soccer for over 7 years and played chess competitively for over 10 years placing 5th in Canada + 2nd in Ontario at one point.  